[Music]
so do you like math if hearing this
question alone made you want to leave
the room hold on we promise this is
going to change your attitude to it
trust me it's gonna be fun as for those
who already love it your feelings will
grow even stronger guaranteed bright
side is going to teach you a
mathematical trick which requires no
special preparation but could be
featured in David Blaine Street magic or
now you see me movies we have a
step-by-step easy instruction on how to
do it are you ready to learn a trick
that will confuse your math teacher and
impress your friends with then give this
video a like and watch it till the end
when it comes to magic even thoroughly
planned every detail matters people who
are not big fans of math usually explain
it with the fact that they have a mind
of an artist with an appreciation for
art and math is all logic and no
creativity indeed math can be confusing
for some of us well for most of us let's
admit it it requires a certain mindset
what about our it is different anything
can be a piece of art you know it if
you've ever seen a piece of modern art
as long as you can explain it or
sometimes just feel it in math two plus
two always equals four or does it there
was a bright mind and he once said pure
mathematics is in its way the poetry of
logical ideas can you guess who said
that Nobel Prize winner one of the most
famous scientists ever the author of
mass energy equivalence and the theory
of relativity did you just say Bob
Marley no it was Albert Einstein hey if
you got that right give yourself a
virtual thumbs up if you agree with them
hey who wouldn't the guy sounds pretty
credible then you will get a whole new
vision of math so different you will
probably believe two and two put
together can give you five are you ready
for it let's go
today we're going to show you one
mathematical trick first it will blow
your mind
then we're going to explain it to you
easy like that before we start I'm going
to show you something here is a secret
text file in a secret folder I even
named a top secret to show you how
secret it is
and if I say secret once again you're
probably going to hate me so enough with
it we're not going to open that file
until it's time so I can make no changes
to it at all now there will be a
stopwatch here in the upper corner of
the screen
it starts ticking now so you will have
proof that I'm not going to open that
file or change it in any way here it is
you can take a piece of paper and a pen
now to keep track of what I'm doing and
then you can check if everything is
right in the end
okay let's start with a number I will
choose it at random
I like 3114 it is simple it has my lucky
number three in it plus you can play
with these numbers three plus one equals
four four minus one equals three in fact
you don't have to pick your lucky number
for the trick to work anyway
just any four digit number now if we
were in one room I would ask you to give
me the next four digit number but since
we are miles apart a random number
generator will help let us write down a
number by number and the first number is
four okay not bad once again please give
me a random number oh mighty machine one
thanks mighty machine it reminds me of
something Oh bingo and the next number
is eight good the final digit will be
two and we've got 41 82 you picked a
nice number my turn now I will pick a
number to make the math easier put all
your numbers in a column okay let it be
five eight one and what else seven it's
supposed to bring good luck right hmm
not as lucky as four but most people
believe it so let it be
randomizer did a good job last time but
now I want to use a number which is
really meaningful something from
American history let's take the year
when the Declaration of Independence was
signed we all know it right click the
like button if it took you less than
three seconds to remember it happened in
1776 and since you remembered it will be
your number and we need one last number
I will pick it if you kindly let me hmm
I like eight and let's head to twice so
eight two two and why don't we take
three done eight two two three it is
we've got a list of five four digit
numbers now the magic begins let us put
them all together some major math is
going on right here you can use a
calculator it's okay
three one one four plus four one eight
two plus five eight one seven and don't
forget to add seventeen seventy six and
eight two two three so we got twenty
three thousand one hundred twelve right
no objections here now let's open that
top-secret file in the secret folder I
didn't touch it the stopwatch is there
to prove it oh my goodness it is twenty
three thousand one hundred twelve and
there no way
what was it magic or am i psychic none
of the above it all has a logical
explanation are you ready for it
here it comes before we start we pick a
number from 20,000 to 30,000 so any five
digit number I picked twenty-three
thousand 112 and it really was in that
top secret file all the time by the way
if you do it in your classroom or in
front of people who are physically there
you can just write it on a piece of
paper fold it put it where everyone can
see it and not touch it until the end of
the trip so if you have a board to ride
on you are welcome to use it you start
with a four digit number you take your
secret five digit number and lose the
first digit then add
to to the last digit so our first number
is 3 1 1 4 now ask one of your friends
or even your teacher to give you any
number let us imagine it was 3 5 6 4 it
will work with any number no worries
then you have to pretend you are picking
your number at random too but in reality
you are not your task is to name a
number which will give 9 9 9 9 if you
add it to the previous number so it has
to be all nice 3 plus 6 5 plus 4 6 plus
3 and 4 plus 5 will give us 9 9 9 9 in
this case and the number is 6 4 3 5 then
again it is your friends turn to pick
the four digits it could be 2 2 3 7
again you name the next number remember
it has to give us 9 9 9 9 in the end hmm
looks like 7 7 6 2 will do the trick now
let us put all the numbers together 3 1
1 4 + 3 5 6 4 + 6 4 3 5 + 2 - 3 7 + 7 7
6 - and we've got 23,000 112
unbelievable but it's true in fact it's
all thanks to the magical 9 9 9 9 & 9 9
9 9 when putting together they will
always give you 1 9 9 9 8 here comes a
logical question what will happen if a
person picks 9 9 9 9 is a number you
have two options to pick from
you can either prevent them from picking
it by saying there can be only a number
from 1 to 8 in their number but it makes
the trick look less impressive no one
likes to be restricted so you can go
with the second option and pick 1 1 1 1
is your number then you can simply make
the second number you choose equal 1 1 1
1 less so that it gives 8 8 8 8 not
9 when put together with the number your
friends pick it might sound a bit
complicated but it's easy when you try
it that was it for the explanation
do you agree math can be fun now click
like if so try this on your teacher or
your friends share with us if it worked
for you and helped you impress someone
remember everything has two sides and
you want to be on the bright side of
life right then subscribe to our Channel
and it will give you access to hundreds
of our videos see you there
[Music]